readme.md, before:

# JavaScript30 Implementations

This is Wes Bos's JavaScript 30 challenge, my implementation version, by adding:
(1) vanilla JS code with additional functions,
and/or (2) a react version,
and/or (3) update style or responsive css code.

### Current progress (listing what has been updated, others remained unchanged as original forked or removed):

- 01-drum-kit;
- 02-JS and CSS Clock;
- 03-CSS Variables;
- 05-Flex Panel Gallery
- 06-Type Ahead
- 08 - Fun with HTML5 Canvas ( added clear canvas button and canvas frame)
- 10 - Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes (added uncheck shift action, and checkall & uncheckall top box)

Please see the original starting and solution codes [here](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30).

## Reference and Special Thanks

I want to thank [Wes Bos](https://github.com/wesbos) for providing these awesome content and tutorials.

Reference: the origin challenge repo [here](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30), and the course at [https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com).

Commit message:

update 13 - Slide in on Scroll

readme.md, after:

# JavaScript30 Implementations

This is Wes Bos's JavaScript 30 challenge, my implementation version, by adding:
(1) vanilla JS code with additional functions,
and/or (2) a react version,
and/or (3) update style or responsive css code.

### Current progress (listing what has been updated, others remained unchanged as original forked or removed):

- 01-drum-kit;
- 02-JS and CSS Clock;
- 03-CSS Variables;
- 05-Flex Panel Gallery
- 06-Type Ahead
- 08 - Fun with HTML5 Canvas ( added clear canvas button and canvas frame)
- 10 - Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes (added uncheck shift action, and checkall & uncheckall top box)
- 13 - Slide in on Scroll (change image slide in into scale in)

Please see the original starting and solution codes [here](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30).

## Reference and Special Thanks

I want to thank [Wes Bos](https://github.com/wesbos) for providing these awesome content and tutorials.

Reference: the origin challenge repo [here](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30), and the course at [https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com).
